Party status as a confound in the automatic classification of political speech by ideology

Em vez de perspective, eles usam ideology.

"Our own work on this topic led us to hypothesize that such classifiers
are sensitive not to expressions of ideology but rather to expressions of attack and defence, opposition and
government. We test this hypothesis by training on one parliament and testing on another in which party roles
have been interchanged, and we find that the performance of the classifier completely disintegrates. Moreover,
some features that are indicative of each party “swap sides” with the change of government. And combining
ideologically inconsistent opposition parties together in the classifier does not in most cases seriously degrade its
performance. Our results suggest that the language of attack and defence, of government and opposition, dominates
and confounds any sensitivity to ideology in these kinds of classifiers."

VER SE EU LI CADA ARTIGO CITADO AÍ! Ele separa por metodologia. Tipo: dá o problema (classificação por perspectiva) e avalia ow andam fazendo de métodos diferentes. Eu foco nos datasets - pra depois falar que métodos são usados.

                                                                               Thus (in contrast to
the tasks described by Diermeier et al. and Yu et al.), there is no meaningful distinction between
predicting voting records from parliamentary speech and predicting party affiliation. On one
hand, it might be argued that this makes the task easier because parliamentary speech is likely
to be highly partisan. On the other hand, it might be argued that it makes the task more difficult,
because there is a greater diversity of views with precisely the same voting pattern, and so the
classification is less straightforward.


                                                                                          Each
document is a concatenation of all the speeches made by a speaker, and no other document
contains text spoken by that person. Thus no speaker appears in both training and test data. (evitar detecção de writing style em vez de perspectiva ao máximo).

                                                                         And we focused on the
governing Liberal Party and the opposition conservative parties  *, in order to do a binary
discrimination, liberal versus conservative; the left-wing parties had relatively few members in
this Parliament and were excluded from the analysis. *  t the time of this Parliament, the conservative parties were in disarray. The Opposition was the conservative
Reform Party (which became the Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance in March 2000), but the conservative
Progressive Conservative Party also held a number of seats.


Dados: tudo que cada cara falou num debate + o periodo de perguntas e respostas em uma mesma lingua colado. (havia inglês e francês). Duca de tratamento: Generally, these variations in pre-processing made little difference to the results. In this paper
we report results for experiments on the texts for all speakers, with words left unstemmed and
with rare words removed, which usually, though not invariably, gave the best results.

                                    ll our results are well above this baseline, and in fact reach
almost 97% for oral question period in English when frequent words are retained. The reason
for the discrepancy between this result and the 89.5% obtained for the same data in French is
unclear, as the two texts are mutual translations and no such effect was seen with the debates
texts. 


GEEEEEEEEEENIOOOOOOOOOOOOOO:       We also observe that in three cases out of four, combining debates and question period in
a single classifier is deleterious to accuracy compared to classifying each separately. 

The higher accuracy of classification for question period than for debates suggests that the language
of question period is in some way more partisan than that of debates. ... fALA DE LINGUAGEM MAIS ATACANTE E TALZ 
                                                                         It’s possible, therefore,
that our classifier may be learning – at least in part – not to distinguish ideologies but to
distinguish questions from answers or attack from defence, which is not the goal of our research.

Interestingly, this tendency for the names of opponents to be discriminating features is the converse of what
Lin et al. (2006) found in their analysis of an Israeli–Palestinian debate, in which naming one’s own side was
discriminating.

When frequent words are removed we see this effect less, with a corresponding drop in accuracy
(second part of Tab. 1), but it does not disappear entirely. In this condition, we certainly see
reflections of ideology in vocabulary. The liberal lexicon is characterized by words related to
Québec (French, Francophonie, MAI [Montréal Arts Interculturels], PQ [Parti Québécois])
and various social issues (housing, violence, humanitarian, youth, society, technology), while
the conservatives tend to focus on monetary concerns (APEC, taxpayer, dollar, millions, paying,
premiums), aboriginal affairs (native, Indian, chief), and, to a lesser degree, national defence
military, marshall). ... So again, it seems that many of
the features relate not to ideology but to attack and defence – not to the party’s beliefs but to its
status as government or opposition.

Evenetos que mudam:
Even if a classifier for political speech were truly using features related to ideology, we would
expect that at least some of these features would specifically pertain to views of current events
and therefore, if it is trained on one Parliament, it will not perform as well on a different
Parliament in which different events are current, as in the results of Diermeier et al. discussed
in section 1 above. 


Treinando com docs de qdo os lados mudam dw poder:

Examining the primary features used in the classification for oral question periods, we observed
that several words “swapped sides”: four of the top 10 English words that characterized the
liberals in the 36th Parliament characterized conservatives in the 39th Parliament, and the
primary word that characterized conservatives in the 36th Parliament was the second word
that characterized liberals in the 39th; see Tab. 4. This is evidence for our hypothesis that the
classifier is really picking up features related to government and opposition status.


Palavras positivas/negativas apenas:                        if the ‘ideological’ classifier is in reality using (solely or primarily) features
related to government and opposition status, then training on one Parliament would carry over
only to other Parliaments in which the parties hold the same status; if they swap roles, then the
classifier will fail. Indeed, in such a case it might (or should!) perform worse than the majority
baseline, tending to classify liberals as conservatives and vice versa


Treinou em um e testou no outro e Bingo!, deu merda! The results, shown in Tab. 5, are in all cases well below the majority baseline scores, just as we
hypothesized. Oq se captura tem mais a ver com quem tá no poder do q com ideologia.


Liberais são mais positivos, isso serve?
In the context of our results above, the questions we ask are not just whether liberals can be
distinguished from conservatives in the Canadian Parliament merely by the emotional content
of their speeches, but also, if so, whether the feature actually discriminates ideology (in line
with the stereotype of happy liberals, dour conservatives) or is again confounded by the parties’
status in the Parliament.   ====>                           Hence, we can see that positive emotion is a characteristic of members
of the governing party, and negative emotion is a characteristic of members of an opposition
party; again, party status confounds ideological classification. 


                   our results have demonstrated a confound that must be taken into account in
research on ideological classification of speech in any context.






